[IOTDB-4468] Add CLI special command in user guide (#7498)
apache/iotdb: docs/UserGuide/QuickStart/Command-Line-Interface.md

Shell > sbin\start-cli.bat -h 10.129.187.21 -p 6667 -u root -pw root -disableISO8601 -maxPRC 10
```

### CLI Special Command

> Special commands of Cli are  below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special commands of Cli are below.
```

| Command | Description / Example |
|:---|:---|
| `set time_display_type=xxx` | eg. long, default, ISO8601, yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss |
| `show time_display_type` | show time display type |
| `set time_zone=xxx` | eg. +08:00, Asia/Shanghai |
| `show time_zone` | show cli time zone |
| `set fetch_size=xxx` | set fetch size when querying data from server |
| `show fetch_size` |  show fetch size |

> | `set max_display_num=xxx` | eg. set max lines for cli to ouput, -1 equals to unlimited |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `set max_display_num=xxx` |  set max lines for cli to output, -1 equals to unlimited |
```
